Explain the dockerfile arch handling (#1545)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/add-ons/configuration.md

  io.hass.arch="armhf|aarch64|i386|amd64"
```

> It is possible to use your own base image with `build.yaml` or if you do not need support for automatic multi-arch building you can also use a simple docker `FROM`. You can also suffix the Dockerfile with the specific architecture for special builds, i.e. `Dockerfile.amd64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to use your own base image with `build.yaml` or if you do not need support for automatic multi-arch building you can also use a simple docker `FROM`. You can also suffix the Dockerfile with the specific architecture to use a specific Dockerfile for a particular architecture, i.e. `Dockerfile.amd64`.
```
